.. _scope:

Scope
=====

.. todo::

   This section shall be divided into the following paragraphs.

..

.. _identification:

Identification
--------------

.. todo::

   This paragraph shall contain a full identification of the system and the
   software to which this document applies, including, as applicable,
   identification number(s), title(s), abbreviation(s), version number(s), and
   release number(s).

..

This Software System Test Plan (version |version|) documents the objectives,
approach, and scope/limitations of the testing and evaluation of the
Distributed Incident Management System (DIMS).  It describes the logistics for
executing the plan, including test environment needs, high level schedule, and
resource mapping.  It also identifies technical and schedule risks and
mitigation plans.  This plan will be utilized by the project team to properly
scope, manage, and comprehend test efforts.  This test plan is specific to
software, as defined within the statement of work.


System overview
---------------

.. todo:: 

   This paragraph shall briefly state the purpose of the system and the
   software to which this document applies. It shall describe the general
   nature of the system and software; summarize the history of system
   development, operation, and maintenance; identify the project sponsor,
   acquirer, user, developer, and support agencies; identify current and
   planned operating sites; and list other relevant documents.

..

The primary mission objectives for the DIMS system are operational in nature,
focused on facilitating the exchange of operational intelligence and applying
this intelligence to more efficiently respond and recover from cyber
compromise. The secondary mission objectives are to create a framework in which
tools to support the primary mission objectives can more quickly and easily be
integrated and brought to bear against advancing techniques on the attacker
side of the equation.

The DIMS project is intended to take this semi-automated sharing of structured
threat information, building on the success of the Public Regional Information
Security Event Monitoring (PRISEM) project and leveraging an existing community
of operational security professionals known as Ops- Trust, and scale it to the
next level. The intent of this software project is to allow for near real-time
sharing of critical alerts and structured threat information that will allow
each contributing party to receive information, alerts and data, analyze the
data, and respond appropriately and in a timely manner through one
user-friendly web application, DIMS.

Working with the use cases defined by MITRE and PRISEM users, building the
features necessary to simplify structured information sharing, and
operationalizing these within these existing communities, will allow DIMS to
fill existing gaps in capabilities and support existing missions that are
slowed down today by many complicated, manual processes.

The changes to existing systems consists of seamless integration of the three
current systems into a single web application that enables each system to
contribute to the data warehouse of information concerning threats, alerts,
attacks and suspect or compromised user terminals within the infrastructure.
Additionally, the integrated systems will be able to share and retrieve data,
visually observe alerts through color coded visual indicators, while retaining
the existing functionality of their current system

.. todo::

   The previous paragraph appears to trail off. Complete this.

..

Document overview
-----------------

.. todo::

   This paragraph shall summarize the purpose and contents of this document and
   shall describe any security or privacy considerations associated with its
   use.

.. _relationshiptootherplans:

Relationship to other plans
---------------------------

.. todo::

    This paragraph shall describe the relationship, if any, of the STP to
    related project management plans.

